---
layout: post
title: Week 5 (9/3 - 9/9)
---
## Past week:
This past week was a lot tougher than I thought it would be. Not only did I have to take my Algo and OOP midterms on the same day, but I also had to brush up and learn some new concepts for some upcoming interviews. It was very challenging finding a good balance between studying for both CS classes and interview prep. 

## In my way:
It looks like I don’t really have a lot in my way till the end of the month. This gives me a good opportunity to get a solid start on the allocation lab. From my experiences with memory management in OS, I have a feeling that this lab will require a significant amount of time and effort.

## Next week:
I aim to get a good start on the lab. The description in the class about the segment posts was a little confusing to me, and so I have to make sure I get all the concepts and theoretical constrains down correctly, before I attempt to write any code.

## Class experience:
This week in class, we got introduced to some very interesting concepts. Through some good analogies, I finally have a strong understanding on the different pointer types, and what exactly happens when we declare user objects vs pre defined types. Prof. Downing yet again took a good amount of time explaining some of the finer details about lab.

## Tip of the week:
Behavioral questions are a very important part of the interview process. Contrary to common belief, behavioral questions can at times be a little tricky to answer, as they’re usually designed to give the interviewer a sense of how you operate as a person. The interviewer could intentionally make the questions very vague to gauge how well you formulate answers. It takes practice to formulate a good behavioral answer, and it’s a good idea not to ignore it during your interview prep.
