---
layout: post
title: Week 13 (11/14 - 11/20)
---
## Past week:
Since thanksgiving is almost here, this past week has been relatively relaxing. All my classes are running through their phases, as we get closer and closer to the end of the semester. I’ve found the time to catch on my sleep and schedule my time ahead, so that I don’t miss out on any crucial assignments.

## In my way:
Since it is thanksgiving break, I will be flying home to visit my parents. Although I don’t have any hard pressed blocks, I would still like to spend some of this on reviewing some material for the upcoming finals. It will be a challenge to find the necessary motivation to study during the break.

## Next week:
This coming week, I aim to get a good rest. I need the break to gather myself to finish the semester on a very strong note. That being said, some of my classes (including OOP) have given me the opportunity to earn some extra credit, and this break is the perfect time to tackle it. I aim to check out the new alternative platform for doing Collatz, and hope to provide Prof. Downing with some constructive advice.

## Class experience:
This week in class, Prof. Downing has been tying up loose ends. We got some explicit differentiations between Java and C++ inheritance capabilities and behavior, so as to help us get a clearer picture. It’s also been very helpful to think about the various branches of use cases that he goes into.

## Tip of the week:
The tip of this week is to recognize the importance of the thanksgiving break. In the past, I’ve struggled to utilize this break to its full extent. I’ve managed to be completely unproductive, or not well rested at all! It is imperative to find a strong balance during this time, which essentially means to get as much rest as you can and still manage to be successful in reviewing concepts that will be tested in the finals. I hope you all have a great thanksgiving break! 
