---
layout: post
title: Week 8 (10/10 - 10/16)
---
## Past week:
Last week has been relatively okay for me. The semester is in full flow, and work is coming at me from all directions. Finding that right balance between preparing for interviews and doing time consuming projects for my CS classes has been the focus point of the week.

## In my way:
Balancing my coursework with interview prep has yet again been the main hurdle that I’ve had to deal with. I also have to make sure that my academic projects don’t get affected by the division of my attention. I need to make sure I spend a good portion of my time to finish the OOP lab.

## Next week:
I have gotten off to a good start with the lab, and hope to keep building on it. I need to make sure that my code passes all the tests being posted to the public repo, so as to increase my confidence in my solution. I must also manage to sneak in some interview prep whenever I find some free time.

## Class experience:
This week in class we’re talking about containers. Having done algorithms and iterators, taking a deeper dive into containers is proving to be very interesting. Understanding the clear distinction between the naive and optimal implementations, really helps me achieve a deeper thought process as to why we use those containers in a particular way. As always, I love the part of the class where we’re given a problem and are asked to implement the things we’re discussing in class with our fellow classmates. 

## Tip of the week:
The tip of the week is to get some sleep! Sleep is a very important part of life that most college kids skip out on. It honestly seems like a waste of time at times. But sleep plays a very crucial role of resetting all our systems. If you have to choose between cramming some concepts the whole night before an interview, and a good night of sleep, I would recommend the latter.
