---
layout: post
title: Week 6 (10/12 - 9/26)
---
## Past week:
Last week has been relatively quite. Apart from waiting on companies and recruiters that I talked to at the career fair, there’s not much that went on. I had a couple of tests in my non-CS classes, but those are always really straight forward to study for.

## In my way:
I have to really spend significant time on studying for my CS midterms. I have a couple of them which are falling on the same day. I also have to make sure I don’t forget about reviewing some basic java concepts for my tentative interviews.

## Next week:
The coming week is going to very challenging for me. I have my two CS midterms, Algo and OOP, on the same exact day. I also have to brush up on some Java concepts for any possible interviews. Finding the right balance to get all of these completed will be very hard to do.

## Class experience:
This week in class, we focused on the constructors within c++. It was very interesting learning concepts of a language, and then applying them in the context of Object Oriented design. It was also quite challenging to initially understand it, but after some review, the concepts seem very logical.

## Tip of the week:
Researching on a company’s products and teams before an interview is very beneficial. A very common first round question is: Why *insert company name*?. Through attending a multitude of lectures by the career services department and speaking to some recruiters, I’ve learned that companies actually care about your response to this question. They want to know why you think that you’d be a great fit for their culture. By giving a thoughtful answer to this question, you are showing them that you’ve taken the time to learn about them. This could potentially set you apart from the group.
