---
layout: post
title: Week 12 (11/7 - 11/13)
---
## Past week:
This past week has pretty relaxing. The lack of any significant deadlines made it possible for me to rest up and recover from the stressful weeks of the past. The whole week was spent reviewing material that I was uncertain on, and planning the deadlines coming ahead.

## In my way:
The obstacle for the upcoming week would be the OOP project. My partner and I had the opportunity to read the prompts throughly and we created our tentative UML outline. It’s seems like a very interesting project, and I can’t wait to dive into it.

## Next week:
This coming week, I have a couple of projects due. The main would be the OOP lab #5. I have gotten a good start on most of the projects, and I aim to finish all of them before their respective due dates. I could also use a little more self exploration into the topic of inheritance in c++, as there are still some concepts that aren’t 100% clear.

## Class experience:
This week in class, we were introduced to the concept of inheritance. Inheritance is an important concept to get right, and Prof. Downing did a very good job of explaining it in detail. Not only did he compare and contrast concepts in c++ with those in java (to give us a clear distinction given that we know inheritance in java), but he also went into significant detail on the actual behavior/implementation of some of these concepts. It was very useful to learn this.

## Tip of the week:
The tip of the week is a reminder that the CS 312 and CS 314 websites persist all year long. If you ever need a quick refresh of the things that we did in 314, you can navigate to those websites and use the resources that are available there.
