---
layout: post
title: Week 9 (10/17 - 10/23)
---
## Past week:
This past week has been pretty uneventful, and that’s a good change of pace. My interviews are dwindling down, and I’m finding it much easier to focus on my classes. Mose of my week was spent working on the OOP project, and I felt like I did a pretty good job with it.

## In my way:
The main hurdle to tackle this week would be the next OOP project. I have to make sure I stay consistent and get a good start on it. I also have to focus on dedicating time for a couple of midterms for my other classes.

## Next week:
This coming week, I have to get started on the critter lab. I would like to get a good amount done before the weekend, but at the very least, I would like to have an idea of the design I’m going to implement. Apart from that, I have to make sure I revise for my linear algebra midterm, and finish off the couple of interviews I have left.

## Class experience:
This week in class we’ve continued our discussion about containers. We’re learning about building a naive vector (without resizing) and how it works under the covers. I feel like learning these concepts is giving me a greater understanding of how c++ work, and it’s also helping me appreciate the major differences between naive implementations and the STL actual one.

## Tip of the week:
The tip of the week is exercise! In the grand scheme of things, exercise is the last thing on our mind as we’re going through an intense semester. It’s usually seen as a chore, and everything else in our lives are usually prioritized above it. But exercise is a very beneficial prospect! Not only does it increase the oxygen content in your blood, but it also diverts the mind, and gives you a much needed break. If you’re looking for a good way to blow off steam, I would recommend working in some running or a sport that you’re passionate in. You might realize that a little exercise could take your academic efforts a long way.
