---
layout: post
title: Week 10 (10/24 - 10/30)
---
## Past week:
This past week I’ve been focusing on preparing for a busy week of exams. The coursework throughout the week has been relatively low, but there is a lot of material I have to cover for the exams.

## In my way:
The main thing standing in my way this week is the OOP project and a couple of midterms, all colliding on Thursday. I hope I can keep up a good pace, and finish all the work without compromising on any of them.

## Next week:
This coming week, I have to make sure I’m very disciplined in my time management skills. I have a lot of work to get through and very less time to do it in. I must divide my time between studying for my exams and doing the lab.

## Class experience:
This week in class we had a talk from Pariveda. It was yet again very interesting to listen to a potential employer talk about all the technologies and problems they deal with on a daily basis. I had a great time learning about their product development lifecycle, and also their unique model of working with clients.

## Tip of the week:
The tip of the week is to check out the internet for additional resources while you’re studying for classes. As I have my algorithms midterm coming up, I’ve spent a lot of time reading material on dynamic programming. I found it quite challenging to formulate what’s going on by just looking at the formal notations. There are some really good videos which go through the step by step process of DP, which really helped me solidify my understanding.
