---
layout: post
title: Week 3 (9/5 - 9/11)
---
## Past week:
This past week was pretty intense. All the coursework from my classes are colliding with each other, and that’s kept me very busy. I managed to get a (hopefully) valid submission of project 1 for OOP in on time. The actual code and optimizations for the project wasn’t that hard, but keeping track of the overall data flow in all various files was quite challenging. 

## In my way:
The fall career fair is my next challenge. As Prof Downing repeatedly reiterated in class, Internships are a crucial part of our resume. They not only show that we are committed to performing in the industry, but also give us invaluable skills and practices that will be helpful in advancing our careers. I’m still not as confident as I can be with my data structures and subsequent CS concepts. I will need to work on it more.

## Next week:
This coming week is going to be pretty hectic. I have to finish all my coursework for all my classes before the career fair, so that I can focus on the career fair without any distractions. I need to brush up on my knowledge of data structures and other important CS concepts. I must also get a head start on the next OOP project, so that I don’t end up leaving it to the last minute.

## Class experience:
Class this week covered some very important topics. Pointers have never been my strong suit, and I’ve never had any formal instruction on how exactly they work. I was very happy that Prof Downing spent a good amount of time talking about them. I still seem to need more practice on  them, as I’ve been finding the quiz questions quite challenging.

## Tip of the week:
Read, read, and read. Project 1 took a lot longer than it should’ve. The primary reason for this was my carelessness in vetting the provided documentation. I had to go back and change/incorporate a lot of things I should’ve started off with, when I was halfway through the lab. So my tip for the week, which I will be definitely using, read all the project specs and documentation multiple times before you write a single line of code.
