---
layout: post
title: Week 2 (8/29 - 9/4)
---
## Past week:
This past week has definitely felt a lot quicker than the last. All my classes have advanced from their syllabus stage, making them a lot more formidable. I have started working on the first round of homework and projects as their deadlines approach quickly. 

## In my way:
Trying to set up all the tools for project 1 has been quite time consuming. Having had no experience with Docker and the subsequent array of tools that we’ve had to use, I’ve found it quite frustrating at times to set up the environment. I also keep figuring out steps that I should’ve implemented a long time ago, hence making this project even longer. I need to do a better job of vetting the projects before I start implementing anything.

## Next week:
Next week, I hope to get all my submissions in on time. With the career fair coming up in the near future, I need to start practicing interviewing. It’s a hard task trying to articulate all the skills you’ve accumulated in your past internships, so that’s going to be an interesting challenge for me this week.

## Class experience:
I thought I was growing accustomed to the style and teaching of Professor Downing, but he still managed to surprise me this week. Prof Downing spent a day going over a tentative step-by-step implementation of the first project. Not only is this unheard of in the CS department, but also the entire University. None of my professors in the past 2 years have taken out the time to be this thorough with the assignments they hand out. I appreciated this a lot.

## Tip of the week:
This week’s tip involves the use of Amazon Web Services. AWS is a very popular medium of cloud hosting/computing services, and it’s used to deploy huge volume of applications online. When I was messing with it over the past week trying to deploy a flask app, I was very surprised that there was no clear mention of a very fine/obscure detail which is integral to the deployment process. After hours of debugging, I found out that the callable application object (the Flask object in this case-> application = Flask(__name__)) has to be named ‘application’ specifically. Naming it anything else, ‘app’ being a very common substitute (app = Flask(__name__), doesn’t allow the application to deploy successful, leading to an internal server error.
