---
layout: post
title: Week 11 (10/31 - 11/6)
---
## Past week:
This past week has been extremely busy. Not only did I have two midterms on a day, but I also had to spend a good amount of time submitting the OOP project, on that very same day. The whole week was spent trying to tackle the tasks above. It was really challenging, but I think it went reasonably well.

## In my way:
The obstacle standing in my way would be the final OOP project. I have to make sure I spend a lot more time on this one, and not leave all the work till the last minute. I hope to get an early start, and finish the project as soon as I can.

## Next week:
This coming week, I have very few things to do before thanksgiving break. All my classes are dwindling down, and starting to focus on the final exams. I want to use this opportunity to get a solid start on the project, and make sure that I finish it as soon as I can.

## Class experience:
This week in class, we’ve continued our conversations about containers. It’s really interesting to see the level of detail that professor downing puts into these topics. I feel like I’m learning certain aspects about the language, that you can’t really infer by yourself. Attaining knowledge like this makes it very easy for one to become fluent in using/utilizing the language.

## Tip of the week:
The tip of the week is a linux shortcut when you’re using the bash shell: control + r. This command gives you the opportunity to search for commands that you’ve executed on the terminal in recent times. I always forget the syntax for starting docker, and this command saves me the effort of finding prof downing’s github.
