---
layout: post
title: Week 4 (9/12 - 9/18)
---
## Past week:
Over the past week, I’ve been extremely busy. It’s always a challenging task to balance the career fair with course work. I’ve dedicated some time towards revisiting integral CS concepts that are frequently asked in interviews, but I always feel like it’s never enough! I have also started working on the Netflix project, and have made significant progress with my partner. 

## In my way:
The career fair! This is a very important time for all juniors in CS. Your junior year is when you have the most favorable chance to score a valuable internship. It is however also a very nerve wreaking ordeal. I must make sure that I keep a clear mind, and do a good job of working the fair.

## Next week:
With a midterm, a project, and a career fair colliding, next week isn't going to be very relaxing. Time management is going to be a key factor that will determine how well the week will go for me. I must make sure that I dedicate ample time for all my assignments, so that I don’t end up comprising on any of them. This will be an interesting one!

## Class experience:
Prof Downing invited Chris Martin, a former student of his, to give a talk about the various technologies and tools he uses at his job in Bloomberg. It was a great change of pace listing to a lecture from an indutrial point of view. We got a great overview of how Bloomberg works, and some very nifty tips on resume structuring.

## Tip of the week:
Don’t forget about the knowledge based questions during interview prep. Last semester I had a tough time recalling all the details about OOP and access modifiers, during some of my interviews. Even though I was relatively prepared for the coding questions, I realized that it had been a long time since I refreshed my memory on all the subtle information we learnt back in 314. Take a moment to touch up on basic OOP and language based concepts!
